Initial implementation of brands navbar (#2)
nvisionative/nvQuickBrandsNavBar: README.md

# nvquick Brands Navbar

> > This is a web-component to display a brands navbar on websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is a web-component to handle the display of a brands navigation bar across all website properties within the overarching brand portfolio.
```
